Hello, and welcome. My name is Mumshad Mannambeth, and I will be your instructor. In this course,
we will learn about Helm and how it helps ease the deployment and lifecycle management of
applications deployed on a Kubernetes cluster. Throughout this course, we will learn the basics
of Helm, we will see how to install and get started with it, we will then learn about the
architecture and the various components part of Helm, such as charts, repos, releases and revisions,
we look at charts and how to develop our own charts from scratch. And we look at functions,
pipelines, conditionals, and with blocks, we look at ranges and hooks. And finally, we will look at
packaging, signing and uploading charts. Now, as with all of our other courses, we have video
lectures in this course that simplify complex topics. And these are followed by hands-on labs
that are embedded in the course where you'll work with the real Kubernetes cluster, right in your
browser. So you can go from watching a video and learning the concepts to practicing through
challenging hands-on lab exercises in just a few seconds. Well, I can't wait to get started. So
I'll see you in the first lesson.